Which leader?
Sorry guys.
I'm late.
Make you suffer
The dog at the door was killed by me.
Everyone come out with me now.
Don't let him fool you.
Duong Lam is on the same side as the male king.
They want you to rebel.
Let them achieve their goals.
Don't trust him.
He was just stalling for time.
Why don't we kill him?
Lord Cao, then let me go.
Everyone listen up.
Passion is the devil
You guys broke out of prison and created more.
Do you want to be locked up in the Nine Clans?
You are forgivable rebels.
Just a little explanation.
I believe the court will definitely give you an explanation.
You don't want to think about yourself.
Think about your family.
Think about your children, your wife, your father, your mother.
Listen to me.
You just need to escape from prison to hit Duong Lam's plan.
What do we do now?
Now you want to go to jail.
Just wait for the real king to come.
Don't listen to him.
Think about how he tricked you into coming here.
Being in prison is like waiting to die.
We must live.
If you want to die.
Then I will do a trick
What are you doing?
Some people agree.